I think for a long time the Bible
overwhelmed me it was like one of those
big books that's dropped on your desk
and you know like ninth grade that you
have to read and for me I think I
started in the Old Testament and beckon
really overwhelm you and confuse you but
for me it was it wasn't until I really
started reading the words of Christ and
honestly I've been a believer for almost
15 years it took me about 10 years to
really get into the Bible and I think I
used to be embarrassed to admit that but
it's the truth I mean for a long time I
I would kind of go to church and you
know rely on whatever the pastor brought
to the table and but in my own private
time to listen to God I don't know that
I knew how to do that and so reading the
Bible to me has felt more like listening
to God because if it is a God breathed
word a God inspired sanctioned word then
maybe that's the best way to hear the
word of God so for me the best way to do
that is to read the red letters and to
read what Jesus is saying because i have
i've realized that i want i really want
to be more like Christ now and I love
the way that he interacts with people I
love the way that a lot of times he
answers questions with questions and
challenges people to to really with with
their own answers find purpose and find
a way of pleasing and glorifying God so
that's what that's why I think the Bible
is cool now because it's so great at
communicating why we're here and what
we're supposed to be about and so it's
become a lot easier I think for me to
understand that I don't have to you know
I don't have to sit down and read it all
in one go I can I can take it a little
bit at a time and it usually will meet
me where I am